resource_control: add set resource group and resource group hint (#12866)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-alter-resource-group.md

| Option     | Description                         | Example                |
|---------------|-------------------------------------|------------------------|
| `RU_PER_SEC` | Rate of RU backfilling per second | `RU_PER_SEC = 500` indicates that this resource group is backfilled with 500 RUs per second |

> | `PRIORITY`    | Priority of tasks processed by TiKV  | `PRIORITY = HIGH` indicates that the priority is high. If not specified, the default value is `MEDIUM`. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `PRIORITY`    | Resource groups are prioritized during execution.  | `PRIORITY = HIGH` indicates that the priority is high. If not specified, the default value is `MEDIUM`. |
```
